

Binary Files:

  Any files which are not text files cannot be merged by svn.

  For example if your editing an image but another artists commits
  changes there is no way to merge the images.  Hence one person
  has to lose their work!

  To stop someone from changing a file while your working on it you
  need to lock the file.

  Please read the next section.


svn:needs-lock

  If you add a file that is none text to the repository it's your
  duty to add the svn:needs-lock attribute to the file.

  The svn:needs-lock proptery causes a file to be read-only.  Thus
  when someone tries to edit a file most programs normally warn
  the user that the file is read-only.

  *This is to remind the user they need to lock the file*

  This way you never forget to remind others that your working on 
  a file.

  Example:

    svn propset svn:needs-lock 1 path/to/some/file.ico

  Please read the next section.


Locking Files:

  To stop others from editing a file while you are working on it you
  need to lock the file.

  Example:

    svn lock ProjectX.ico
    svn commit -m 'Adding highlights to ProjectX.ico, should take 20 minutes'

  The lock should disapear the next time you commit changes.

  If attempting to lock the file while someone else has then you will
  get an error like the following.

    "svn: Lock request failed: 423 Locked"

  To get information on why you can use 'svn info' on the file url:

    "svn info svn://example.com/some/file.ico"

  You will see the comment left by the person who has locked the file.

  Please read the next section.


Uneeded Locks:

  Sometimes it is apparent that a person forget to unlock a file.  For example,
  the lock comment might say, "Touching up should take few moments".  But the 
  lock data was from two days ago.

  Any user has the ability to remove a lock that any other user has set.  Locks
  are not an ego trip, they are simply to communicate between cooperating devel-
  opers.

  You have the choice to unlock and then relock the file or you can take over
  the lock in one step.

  Examples:

    Unlocking: (unlock --force)

      svn unlock http://svn.example.com/repos/project/raisin.jpg
      svn: Unlock request failed: 403 Forbidden (http://svn.example.com)

      svn unlock --force http://svn.example.com/repos/project/raisin.jpg
      'raisin.jpg' unlocked.

    Stealing: (lock --force)

      svn lock raisin.jpg
      svn: Lock request failed: 423 Locked (http://svn.example.com)

      svn lock --force raisin.jpg
      'raisin.jpg' locked by user 'sally'.

